[EG] GA the  publishing the Cloud Event to partner topic (#29882)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/eventgrid/azure-messaging-eventgrid/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 4.12.0 (2022-07-08)

### Features Added

> - General availability of supporting publish CloudEvents to partner topics.

Reviewer: Don't need to say "General availability" since we don't have beta in the version.
```suggestion
-  Added support to publish CloudEvents to partner topics by setting the channel name.
```
